[MUSIC]
Okay, so real quick video to show you
how to search and find animation events.
So we're over in StarDisplay, and
we've recently created AddStars.
For example,
we can see AddStars right here.
And at some point we might say,
what is actually calling AddStars?
And what we've been doing is saying,
highlight that Ctrl+F, or Cmd on the Mac,
and we can say AddStars,
search through entire solution,
click the little Find Next.
It'll show us all the places
that we've got AddStars.
AddStars, and
we could be misled into thinking,
these are the couple of spots in our code,
in our scripts.
Let's see, it's in Defender script and
it's in our StarDisplay script.
That's all there is.
But what we're missing is the fact that we
are calling this as an animation event,
and animation events are a little bit
clunky because they're tucked away
within Unity.
You might say, where on [LAUGH]
Earth do I have that one little
white button thing that's
tucked away in my animation?
So what we can do in here is find the
particular method that you're looking for,
and on a PC, Ctrl+Shift+F, and
that will bring up Find and Replace.
Alternatively, we can go up to
Edit>Find and Replace>Find in Files.
So on a Mac I'm not exactly sure where
it is, sorry about that, Mac users.
But if you look around and
find the Find and Replace and
Find all Files, now we get a slightly
different dialog box to when, whoops.
[SOUND] And
let me just put this back down here so
it's not taking up the entirety
of our [LAUGH] screen.
Just drag it over there, sorry about that.
Okay, and so within here the important to
do, make sure you've got all the things
ticked on that I've got ticked on,
so include sub folders, etc.
We're looking for AddStars, and
we're looking in the entire solution.
What you wanna do here is
choose Search Folders.
And then to find the folder
where your project is,
so the Repo,
wherever your project is hanging out.
So for me it's within Glitch_Garden,
whoops, I went a couple too many there.
Glitch_Garden>Assets, and
then you need to click this button here
to add that to the selected folders.
Now when I click OK and
then it say Find All I'll get this extra
little dialog down here, the results.
And you can see I've got, let's see, the
first one I've got is Trophy Bounce.anim.
If I click on that it'll
show me all this detail.
We're not gonna have to
look through there and
figure out exactly what all this means,
but I can see that it's highlighted that
this function name AddStars
is being used somewhere.
It should show me the frame I think,
if I can figure out how to read this.
I think this one in here is the number
of stars that's being added,
so this is our integer parameter.
And the time is at 0.45.
That's useful to a degree, but
basically what we can then do is say,
okay, Trophy Bounce.
So I go look for my animation.
I can search within my window here,
Trophy Bounce, and
then you can see my
Trophy Bounce animation.
Now I can look about halfway along,
cuz it was 0.5 seconds,
0.45 seconds, and
I can see AddStars is right there.
And if I'm using AddStars or
calling AddStars in a bunch of different
animations, then they'll be listed out in
here all the extra places that we
are calling AddStars, so super useful.
Hopefully that'll get you out of trouble.
We can do it the other way around,
whereas we get in here and we say, okay,
let's have a look at Lizard
on our Lizard animation.
Here's an animation event,
SetMovementSpeed.
Hm, I wonder where that is in my code,
what script does that belong to?
And then from anywhere within here, again,
Edit>Find and Replace>Find in Files.
And instead of AddStars, we're searching
for, what was it over here called?
SetMovementSpeed, so
I type in SetMovementSpeed.
And then Find All, same deal.
That should now show me
the Lizard Jump.anim and Lizard Walk.anim.
Great, so I can see exactly where
those things are being selected and
changed from.
Okay, hopefully you find that useful.
I'll see you in the next video.